EDU-863: DataConverter serialization (#2302)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-a-default-data-converter.md

- If a value is an instance of a Protobuf message, it is encoded with [proto3 JSON](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/proto3#json).
- If a value isn't null, binary, or a Protobuf, it is encoded as JSON.
  If any part of it is not serializable as JSON, <!--(for example, a Date—see JSON data types)--> an error is thrown.

> The default data converter cannot deserialize a list of Protobufs.

Reviewer: This is marked resolved, but there is no reply or doc change

> The default data converter cannot deserialize a list of Protobufs.

Author: Made the change. Had to push again. Please look again.

> The default data converter cannot deserialize a list of Protobufs.

Reviewer: Looks good. I think the example about protobuf lists is nice, but not required.

> Some SDKs' JSON serializers cannot process lists with Protobuf children objects without implementing a [custom Data Converter](/concepts/what-is-a-custom-data-converter).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The JSON serializers of some SDKs cannot process lists with Protobuf children objects without implementing a [custom Data Converter](/concepts/what-is-a-custom-data-converter).
```
